As a added bonus, we are going
to go over some of the Linphone
features that we found most interesting or
at least most understandable.
>> So, probably what you could take away
from Linphone and add to your own app.
We also supply the entire list
of features that Linphone has.
You guys can just check out the slides or-
>> Yeah, and
you can get this off their website.
We just wanted to provide it for you here.
But some cool little things,
some obvious things that would be
sought after for a VoIP application.
Audio at the very least, but audio and
video calls, you might wanna be able to
manage multiple calls like for instance-
>> Telecon, something like that.
>> Yeah, If I'm on the phone with
Randy and someone else calls me
>> [CROSSTALK] Maybe like holds and
everything like that.
>> Then you go bring in the call
transfers, pause, resume,
audio conferencing, instant messaging.
Maybe you just wanna say like hey,
call me when you're free.
So, I send that message and
then done, right?
File transfers,
picture taking, all sorts of,
call history, things that we take for
granted on our phones nowadays.
There's a lot of code behind it,
and it's all there, too.
>> Right.
>> What's next here?
So, different languages,
spoken languages, right?
I know that Linphone has various
languages available, as in,
I think you can get it in Japanese,
Chinese, Dutch or something like that.
There's a lot of different
languages that you can get it in.
So, all that's access.
Quality of service.
Different aspects of the code that
provide a different quality of service.
And then more advanced features like
the audio codecs and the video codecs.
>> As mentioned before, and
we'll probably mention it again and again.
>> HD video support.
Say, for instance, you're functioning
on a low bandwidth network,
you can switch it to low bandwidth mode.
Fighting push notifications for
the mobile device platforms;
these are all cool things.
But yeah.
Okay.
So, we went over all these features and
there's plenty more on the website but
which ones do we wanna keep for
our application, right?
>> That's a tough question, right?
>> So, here's the question,
to keep or not to keep.
>> [LAUGH]
>> We are developing an application from
scratch, right?
>> Right.
>> Using the Android tutorials online?
>> So, we'll basically be going
over how to make the audio calls.
Mm-hm.
>> But,
with Linphone you'll have a resource to
implement a ton of other things as well.
>> Yeah.
So, we're gonna go over the basics.
This is obviously modules from now.
But, we're gonna go over the basics
on bringing all this code together,
creating something very
simple to make an audio
call-
>> Right.
>> from Android devices,
your DragonBoard 410c,
in particular
>> To either another Android device or
another DragonBoard.
>> Yeah.
>> Right?
Not using Linphone.
This is our own application.
And then you can take the Linphone stuff
and, look, these are some of the ideas we
thought would be interesting to just make
a nice core bare-bone VoIP application.
>> Right.
>> Without all the other noise.
You can just make something real basic
using these six little bullet points here.
Try adding those.
Maybe it'll be an assignment.
>> Yeah, that'd be cool.
>> [LAUGH]
>> It'll be a fun little project for
you to tackle on.
>> Yeah.
>> Like a personal VoIP app.
>> You can share it with your family and
friends.
And it'll be your own.
Yeah actually that's pretty cool.
>> Your own network.
No one can invade it and whatnot.
Awesome.
>> No spam calls.
>> [LAUGH] Yeah.
All right, so there you go.
That was Linphone features,
and we hope you enjoyed some of
the stuff we chose for our app.